benchmarking/README.md, before:

# Benchmarking `better_profanity`

This directory provides code for benchmarking the memory usage and speed of `better_profanity`.

## Setup

Follow the **Installation** instructions for `better_profanity` to ensure the version you intend to benchmark is installed.

Install additional dependencies by running

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### Benchmark memory usage

To test the memory usage of a profanity filter using the default word list run

```
python scripts/filter_memory.py
```

To test the memory usage when using a particular word list run

```
python scripts/filter_memory.py <WORDLIST>
```

### Benchmark speed

To test the speed of text censoring against a dataset of paragraphs run

```
python scripts/paragraphs.py
```

## Limitations

1. Memory usage reported by `memory.py` may vary slightly between runs. Run `memory.py` several times and compute an average for a more accurate memory benchmark.
2. The dataset used by `paragraphs.py` may not be valid for all versions of `better_profanity`. If some words contained in the default word list are removed, some paragraphs' text may not be censored as expected.

Commit message:

Use pytest-benchmark for speed benchmarking
Let an existing module do the heavy-lifting for us. Also provides
more flexibility and features for benchmarking. The test for 1000
paragraphs is excluded for now as it takes far too long to run.
Separate benchmarks for very large bodies of text may be added later.

benchmarking/README.md, after:

# Benchmarking `better_profanity`

This directory provides code for benchmarking the memory usage and speed of `better_profanity`.

## Setup

Follow the **Installation** instructions for `better_profanity` to ensure the version you intend to benchmark is installed.

Install additional dependencies by running

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### Benchmark memory usage

To test the memory usage of a profanity filter using the default word list run

```
python scripts/filter_memory.py
```

To test the memory usage when using a particular word list run

```
python scripts/filter_memory.py <WORDLIST>
```

### Benchmark speed

To test the speed of text censoring against a dataset of paragraphs run

```
python scripts/paragraphs.py
```

Note that this script uses `pytest` and `pytest-benchmark`. If you run the command via `pytest scripts/paragraphs.py` you will have more control over the benchmarking procedures. Read up on [`pytest-benchmark`'s command-line options](https://pytest-benchmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#commandline-options) for more details.

## Limitations

1. Memory usage reported by `memory.py` may vary slightly between runs. Run `memory.py` several times and compute an average for a more accurate memory benchmark.
2. The dataset used by `paragraphs.py` may not be valid for all versions of `better_profanity`. If some words contained in the default word list are removed, some paragraphs' text may not be censored as expected.
